docs: various small docs fixes (#683)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: docs/modules/nifi/pages/usage_guide/operations/graceful-shutdown.adoc

As a default, NiFi nodes have `5 minutes` to shut down gracefully.

The NiFi node process receives a `SIGTERM` signal when Kubernetes wants to terminate the Pod.
It logs the received signal as shown in the log below and initiate a graceful shutdown.

> After the graceful shutdown timeout runs out, and the process still didn't exit, Kubernetes issues a `SIGKILL` signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the graceful shutdown timeout runs out, and the process still did not exit, Kubernetes issues a `SIGKILL` signal.
```
